README.md, before:

<img src="data/logo.jpg" width=25% align="right" />

# Baselines

OpenAI Baselines is a set of high-quality implementations of reinforcement learning algorithms.

These algorithms will make it easier for the research community to replicate, refine, and identify new ideas, and will create good baselines to build research on top of. Our DQN implementation and its variants are roughly on par with the scores in published papers. We expect they will be used as a base around which new ideas can be added, and as a tool for comparing a new approach against existing ones. 

You can install it by typing:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/openai/baselines.git
cd baselines
pip install -e .
```

- [A2C](baselines/a2c)
- [ACER](baselines/acer)
- [ACKTR](baselines/acktr)
- [DDPG](baselines/ddpg)
- [DQN](baselines/deepq)
- [PPO1](baselines/ppo1) (Multi-CPU using MPI)
- [PPO2](baselines/ppo2) (Optimized for GPU)
- [TRPO](baselines/trpo_mpi)

To cite this repository in publications:

    @misc{baselines,
      author = {Dhariwal, Prafulla and Hesse, Christopher and Plappert, Matthias and Radford, Alec and Schulman, John and Sidor, Szymon and Wu, Yuhuai},
      title = {OpenAI Baselines},
      year = {2017},
      publisher = {GitHub},
      journal = {GitHub repository},
      howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/openai/baselines}},
    }

Commit message:

Rainbow base  version  based on openai baselines.

README.md, after:


# Baselines

My code is based on OpenAI Baselines, which is a set of high-quality implementations of reinforcement learning algorithms.
Our code is aimed to provide more algorithms which is not included by OpenAI baselines, such as C51 and rainbow, as well
 as improvements.
 
These algorithms will make it easier for the research community to replicate, refine, and identify new ideas, and will create good baselines to build research on top of. Our DQN implementation and its variants are roughly on par with the scores in published papers. We expect they will be used as a base around which new ideas can be added, and as a tool for comparing a new approach against existing ones. 

You can install it by typing:

```bash
git https://github.com/cxxgtxy/deeprl-baselines.git
cd deeprl-baselines
pip install -e .
```

- [A2C](baselines/a2c)
- [ACER](baselines/acer)
- [ACKTR](baselines/acktr)
- [DDPG](baselines/ddpg)
- [DQN](baselines/deepq)
- [PPO1](baselines/ppo1) (Multi-CPU using MPI)
- [PPO2](baselines/ppo2) (Optimized for GPU)
- [TRPO](baselines/trpo_mpi)
- [RAINBOW](baselines/rainbow)(DeedMind Rainbow, C51)
